README.md, before:

# YData: Humanities Data Mining

This repository contains materials for YData: Humanities Data Mining (S&DS 176 / S&DS 576), taught in the Spring of 2021 at Yale University. For more information on the course, please consult the [**syllabus**](https://github.com/YaleDHLab/humanities-data-mining/blob/master/ydata-syllabus-2021.pdf) or the course materials below (please note that some materials require a Yale NetID for access).

The course materials are published under a CC BY 3.0 US license. Attribution should be given to Dr. Catherine DeRose and Dr. Douglas Duhaime.

### Week One: Introduction to Data Mining

In our first week of class we will discuss some of the ways researchers from the humanities and beyond have used data mining, and we will take our first steps with the Python programming language.


[**Slides**](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1W9NwnJdt28Q3iIa5D6CH5DEPj6Ct2zUoJyO345ivC_g/edit?usp=sharing)<br/>
[**Notebook**](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/11o91nUdLqzzmdRAydfFoYtjk8nK4Pi8x?usp=sharing)<br/>
[**Problem Set**](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1GbQ0NPKuTU8Qf6hDaUPChRCbJ9CW5Bwj?usp=sharing)<br/>

Commit message:

make week 1 notebook + pset public and add week 2

README.md, after:

# YData: Humanities Data Mining

This repository contains materials for YData: Humanities Data Mining (S&DS 176 / S&DS 576), taught in the Spring of 2021 at Yale University. For more information on the course, please consult the [**syllabus**](https://github.com/YaleDHLab/humanities-data-mining/blob/master/ydata-syllabus-2021.pdf) or the course materials below (please note that some materials require a Yale NetID for access).

The course materials are published under a CC BY 3.0 US license. Attribution should be given to Dr. Catherine DeRose and Dr. Douglas Duhaime.

### Week One: Introduction to Data Mining

In our first week of class we will discuss some of the ways researchers from the humanities and beyond have used data mining, and we will take our first steps with the Python programming language.

[**Slides**](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1W9NwnJdt28Q3iIa5D6CH5DEPj6Ct2zUoJyO345ivC_g/edit?usp=sharing)<br/>
[**Notebook**](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/13s60tjYC5b6BvBcoRnzk6RZJoTtHvLE1?usp=sharing)<br/>
[**Problem Set**](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1igGn4rqrweJvvZ19CicnuLzj6Uz_XMzi?usp=sharing)<br/>

### Week Two: Collecting Data from APIs

In our second week of class we will take a deeper dive into data--what it is, how it's created, and how we can find and use it. In particular, we'll explore Application Programming Interfaces (APIs)--little machines that give us data to analyze!

[**Slides**](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1Dl3BH10sis2ySWeNeX8f1j9AWhIqUilcKlU6Oqeo4kw/edit?usp=sharing)<br/>
[**Notebook**](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1TjJhjw1BhhYN6EfAL8c8TZ4-VrHoKfvJ?usp=sharing)<br/>
[**Problem Set**](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1PYYXuSlhJJhA4W55g2OW_9wftf-Ov2j9?usp=sharing)<br/>
